[SENTENCE NUMBER 1]
{13}{E2}{00}{00}
<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack.Corvus>
Nice...
I was hoping you would make
it this far... Mega Man...
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Megaman>
{13}{EC}!!
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 2]
{12}{E2}<Solo>
{01}{00}
<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Megaman>
Jack!!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack.Corvus>
The name's Jack Corvus...
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Wolf.Woods>
Ohohoho...
Finally, our chance to really
fight has come, Omega-Xis.
<PUSH>
I'm going to destroy you!!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Mega>
Actually, you're the one
that's going D-O-W-N!
<PUSH>
Don't mistake me for who I
was so long ago, Corvus!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack.Corvus>
You will not stop our wish
from coming true.
<PUSH>
Your time in this existence
ends now.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Megaman>
I'm fighting to protect the
people that I love, and all
the people of Earth!
<PUSH>
Your wish will remain only
a pathetic pipe dream!!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack.Corvus>
If you think you're that
tough, then bring it!!
<PUSH>
This is the end for the
"Hero of Justice"!!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Megaman>
Meteor G is next after I'm
done with you!!
<PUSH>
Wave Battle!
Ride On!!
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

