[SENTENCE NUMBER 1]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
So this is <Studi.WBG>!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
I've seen this tree road
before on TV!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Mega>
Hey, someone's coming.
<PUSH>
He seems familiar...
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 2]

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 3]

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 4]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack>
{13}{EC}...
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
It's Jack!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
Why is he here?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack>
I was just walking by and
noticed you guys.
<PUSH>
I was hoping maybe I could
hang out, too... hehe.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Bud>
Wow! And here I thought
you were a jerk. But you
actually seem pretty nice.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack>
{13}{EC}(...Ugh.)
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
If you want to, Jack, you
can appear on TV with us!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack>
Appear?
<PUSH>
Appear in what?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
We're going to be used
as extras in a TV show!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Bud>
Do you know the star,
Sonia Strumm?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Zack>
She's actually a friend of
ours.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
There's going to be a TV
show recording and a
concert, today!
<PUSH>
Come with us, Jack!
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 5]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack>
{13}{EC}(A-A TV show and a
 concert? Man, I hate
 that kind of stuff...)
<PUSH>
{13}{EC}(I can't believe you're
 making me do this stuff,
 Sis...!!)
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
What the heck are you
grumbling about?
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 6]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack>
Oh! N-Nothing at all.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
Then come on, Jack!
<PUSH>
It's time for our dream to
come true!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Jack>
It's not really a dream of
mine...
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
Quit complaining and move
your butt!
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 7]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
...He actually went along
with them. Do you think
it'll be OK?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Mega>
Well, you were like that
not too long ago, right?
Let's give him a shot.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
You're right.
Let's go into the studio
with everyone else.
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

