[SENTENCE NUMBER 1]

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 2]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Diamon.Ice>
So you've come to disturb
my work, have you!?
<PUSH>
It's just like the TV show
recording all over again!
<PUSH>
Belle isn't appreciated at
all, with you and Sonia
standing in her spotlight!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Mega>
So, she is behind it all...
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Megaman>
You're Ice, right?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Diamon.Ice>
I have been reborn as
Diamond Ice!
<PUSH>
My power is now beyond
your imagination!
<PUSH>
And with it, I will delete
anything or anyone that
gets in Belle's way!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Megaman>
You're causing a lot of
pain and suffering for a
lot of people...
<PUSH>
I wonder how much your
actions are hurting Belle...?
<PUSH>
Have you thought of that!?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Diamon.Ice>
Belle is too nice.
The talent industry can be
a cruel world!
<PUSH>
One must be prepared to
remove all obstacles in
order to get to the top.
<PUSH>
If she can't do that for
herself, then it's my duty
to do so with my power!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Mega>
Geo...
She's not going to listen.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Megaman>
Ice... I understand your
feelings for Belle but...
<PUSH>
I can't let all those
people get hurt for the
sake of your pride!
<PUSH>
Diamond Ice!
I will stop you!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Diamon.Ice>
Ha! I'll freeze you solid
and leave you to regret
coming here, forever!
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

