[SENTENCE NUMBER 1]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Angel.Wise>
Hmm, this is strange...
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
Do you need some help?
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 2]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
Anything new, Geo?
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 3]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
Hey, Prez.
I just noticed her.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Mega>
...Yo, Prez.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
Yes?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Mega>
Is it just me or are you
just following Geo around?
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 4]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
W-What?
How dare you!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
...?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Mega>
It can't be sheer luck that
you just show up as soon
as Geo finds someone.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
Since Geo is unreliable
I've just been checking in
on him from time to time!
<PUSH>
I can't let him mess
up, because his mistake
will hurt the whole Team!
<PUSH>
I think we're just having
a misunderstanding here,
Omega-Xis.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Mega>
Is that so... Sorry.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
...?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
Anyway...
That kid is having some
trouble!
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 5]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
Hey...
Is there something wrong?
<PUSH>
We can help you out.
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

[SENTENCE NUMBER 6]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Angel.Wise>
Oh, um...
<PUSH>
I had a fight with my
friend and she hasn't
replied to my e-mail.
<PUSH>
She must still be angry
with me...
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
So you haven't called her?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Angel.Wise>
No. I'm too embarrassed to
call her and have her see
my face on the screen.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
Do you know where she is
right now?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Angel.Wise>
She's probably in the park
in <Echo.Ridge>.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
Geo, there may be another
reason for her not 
responding to her friend.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Mega>
What should we do, kid?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
Let's go to the park!
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

