[SENTENCE NUMBER 1]

<START-DIALOG>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
So this is <Spica.Mall>!?
<PUSH>
What a cool place.
I'm really excited!
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Zack>
According to Pedia...
<PUSH>
It was constructed with
financial support from the
"King Foundation".
<PUSH>
It's meant to be a place
that inspires children to
smile and just be kids.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
That's the King Foundation
headed by Mr. King, right?
<PUSH>
My father has been talking
about him a lot lately.
<PUSH>
He and the foundation
believe that no amount of
<PUSH>
money is a waste when
making children happy.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Geo>
That's really amazing...
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Bud>
Who cares about that
stuff anyway!?
<PUSH>
Is there somewhere we
can get some grub!?
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Zack>
Bud, our goal here is to
get the Giga Energy Card.
<PUSH>

<NEW-DIALOG>
<Prez>
The {BD}{E4} is over
there. Let's get going!
<PUSH>
The tournament has already
started!
<PUSH>

<END-DIALOG>

[END]

